Extending use cases (#23)
temporalio/documentation-legacy: docs/use-cases-distributed-transactions.md

    saga.addCompensation(activities::cancelHotel, hotelReservationID, name);

    // Step 2: Book a flight.
    String flightReservationID = activities.bookFlight(name);
    saga.addCompensation(activities::cancelFlight, flightReservationID, name);

    // Both reservations succeeded.
} catch (ActivityException e) {
    saga.compensate();
    throw e;
}
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="go">

```go
// Step 1: Book a hotel.
var hotelResID string
err := workflow.ExecuteActivity(ctx, activities.BookHotel, name).Get(ctx, &hotelResID)
if err != nil {
    // If the hotel reservation failed, fail the workflow.
    return err
}

// Step 2: Book a flight.
var flightResID string
err := workflow.ExecuteActivity(ctx, activities.BookFlight, name).Get(ctx, &flightResID)
if err != nil {
    // If the flight reservation failed, cancel the hotel.
    cancelErr := workflow.ExecuteActivity(ctx, activities.CancelHotel, hotelResID)
    if cancelErr != nil {
        // The hotel cancellation failed... probably, some manual action is needed.
        return cancelErr
    }
    
    return err
}

// Both reservations succeeded.
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Next Steps

> * Explore the full [Saga example with Java SDK](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal-java-samples/tree/master/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/bookingsaga)

Author: `Java Saga` sounds a bit odd to me... `Saga example in Java`?

> * Explore the full [Saga example with Java SDK](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal-java-samples/tree/master/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/bookingsaga)

Reviewer: That works great
```suggestion
* Explore the full [Saga example in Java](https://github.com/temporalio/temporal-java-samples/tree/master/src/main/java/io/temporal/samples/bookingsaga)
```
